index;label_true;text;label_pred
t22;negative;Is it possible (or desirable?!) to set up to behave more like ? For example, instead of writing why can't I just write Similarly, instead of why not just;neutral
t45;negative;@augustss: with `ImpredicativeTypes` you can make monadic binds polymorphic as well (though it requires a heck lot of extremely ugly type annotations).;neutral
t47;negative;OK, so what do you want me to do about that? Hint: how about *telling us* what your problem is?;neutral
t143;negative;I'm curious, shouldn't the other question be marked as a duplicate of this one? This question is two years older and has a higher rated answer.;neutral
t177;neutral;Did it work? If it did you can also accept the answer by clicking the check mark beside it. It is a nice step to take =P;positive
t181;neutral;That's right, I have no plans to replace the existing system, sidecar is an excellent analogy.;positive
t223;neutral;No buddy, You can't simply upgrade ZF1 to ZF2. In case you need you move to ZF2 be sure that ZF2 is not just an upper version of ZF1 but the whole Architecture is also changed.So, If you really need to move then 1. Firstly you will need to remove ZF1 library completely.2. Install ZF2 package.3. Now make changes in your code to work accordingly with ZF2 as most of the things will stop working once to move to ZF2.However, I would suggest don't migrate to ZF2 just for the sake of upgrading, migrate only if you dont have any other choice. As this is a very painful task.have a good luck.;positive
t268;negative;Why all the down votes?;neutral
t281;positive;If you are on 11g you are in Luck :-) you can Use SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED in the Cursor - then you are guaranteed that two threads will never get the same row on a fetch!The RIGHT WAY to do this in Oracle would be Advanced Queueing - since this will solve ALL YOUR PROBLEMS, provides synchronization und parallel execution and other benefits...Before Oracle 11 and without Advanced Queuing (if you really want to code it yourself...) You can do it like this:(The bits marked with autonomous transaction have to be called in a separate method as an autonomous transaction. If the Update returns 0 Rows it can either be because the table is empty, or because two threads accessed the same row. - So we need a separate ending condition counting available rows.;neutral
t290;neutral;In my mental model of authentication, a user should be distinct from the way they log in. So for example, a User could have an associated EmailLogin (with an email/password), or they could have many (or none). Similarly they could have 0..* associated OpenIDLogin credentials. Are there any existing authentication libraries for Rails which use this method? Alternatively, is this a really terrible idea?;negative
t376;neutral;A simple Google search would suffice for this question. All are excellent resources (and the top three Google links!). Essentially, there's a new API which allows JS to request fullscreen access. That's about it.;positive
t408;negative;I had a memory crash on UIGraphicsGetImageFromCurrentImageContext() ... if you're creating and releasing a lot of them, you should wrap them in a fresh AutoReleasePool for each iteration. Even allowing the NSRunLoop to tick WAS NOT ENOUGH for Apple/iOS to do housekeeping on garbage lying around from this. e.g.;neutral
t426;neutral;"That was ""I totally agree... """;positive
t528;neutral;The answer was devastatingly simple in this case. For some reason windows uses localhost as opposed to 0.0.0.0. So although it says standing watch at 0.0.0.0:4567 it is actually standing watch at localhost:4567 . You should be able to navigate to this page and see your middleman build.;negative
t654;neutral;yeah: hopeless!;negative
t666;neutral;If the answer was a snake, I could have been killed by it, its already in front of me!;negative
t732;neutral;Your variables are pointing at the same object. I'd be worried if they weren't equal!;negative
t760;neutral;Or the dreaded AVL trees!;negative
t858;neutral;I think that's absolutely terrible practice. First of all you do not need to make the trip to the server to hide and show controls, unless you need new data. Second, any decent javascript framework will allow you to hide show controls based on the control's id, class name, or whatever css selector. Moreover using a javascript post/get to a generic handler will give you the data that you need without the postback. I'd suggest using JQuery, or some other alternative.;negative
t876;neutral;Isn't and the same thing here??;negative
t893;neutral;Typically you would handle that as a POST (not a GET), and read the xml from the request-stream (or there are helpers to let you do this). Otherwise URL encoding and length restrictions are going to make this extremely painful.;negative
t1024;neutral;Are you expecting to speed up the video without affecting the sound, or did the timer solution just make the sound aggressively awful?;negative
t1059;positive;This worked for me.;neutral
t1094;positive;Maybe this will be of some help -;neutral
t1126;negative;While we're at it, there is no such thing as Unicode. Well, there is, but it does not concern itself with earthly matters like files. There are numerous encodings which bridge that gap, but you don't appear to be aware of that or the difference this makes. See also: [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)](http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Unicode.html));neutral
t1197;positive;Look into these links. They may help.;neutral
t1220;negative;"I had the problem that white was the ""Overscroll"" color, not actually the fading edge. try this (assuming you want a fading edge, but not the horrid white glare when you hit the ends! (otherwise set requires fading edge to none)):";neutral
t1253;positive;Take a look at and be extremely paranoid about user inputs.;neutral
t1269;negative;I wouldn't worry about that in pure Flash. I don't believe that is the mental model the Flash Engineers used (Flex, absolutely, worry).;neutral
t1281;negative;I have recently found out that anything Swing(NetBeans, IDEA) is excruciatingly slow to paint the UI over Remote Desktop(RDP). Can you guys give me any suggestion for something that will work properly over RDP?;neutral
t1309;neutral;@mauguerra: It doesn't directly answer your question, but yesterday's article on Raymond Chen's blog, [What's the difference between Text Document, Text Document - MS-DOS Format, and Unicode Text Document?](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2012/02/20/10269537.aspx) provides some useful background information and links to more resources for learning about this. Other required reading: Joel Spolsky's [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets (No Excuses!)](http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Unicode.html).;positive
t1342;positive;"There is a setting in your setup project that will ""uninstall"" previous versions by default, turn this flag OFF, then you will not have to worry!";neutral
t1357;negative;How come this is considered programming related?;neutral
t1373;negative;what exactly is not working? it  s hard to guess   _ you shouldn  t be using erigi to check for a substring: 1) it  s deprecated 2) use instead. edit: your code screams sql injection!;neutral
t1401;negative;"Do not touch a Physics-""Body"" inside of a TouchEvent. UI-Thread and UpdateThread hate working at the same time!";neutral
t1498;negative;In Bash, you use parameter expansion: In your case, say . No need to go overboard and cry for regexes at the slightest provocation -- Bash has plenty of power!;neutral
t1538;negative;In addition to firebug (which should be your first port of call), the will also tell you where a given style is sourced from, just in case IE - shock, horror - should be different.;neutral
t1552;neutral;"Note that the given answers ""only"" handles making multiple variables of the same type. If, for some bizarre reason, you would need to do multiple types, this is valid (though awful):";negative
t1564;neutral;Nope, I don't think such a magic function exists. One workaround for this would be to put your functions into a static class, and add a magic method to that class (> PHP 5.3 only, I'm afraid): For PHP < 5.3, you could do the same thing, but you would have to instantiate an object and use the magic method.;negative
t1596;neutral;So I came up with what is undoubtedly an extremely ugly solution: I took the Response JS data attributes out of the body tag, and used the Response.create method instead. Then someone suggested I make the plugin calls a function, then call the function after creating the Response data attributes. I have no idea why it works, but it does.;negative
t1609;neutral;Because there are too many changes in Rails 3, without tests it may be very painful));negative
t1625;negative;I'll bet you that your main's function signature is incorrect. You use: but SDL_main.h wants Aside: You see, SDL does something really horrific when compiling: It renames your function to , injecting its own main function which, in turn, calls yours. Note that if this doesn't work, then you may be compiling with wrong flags. To be sure, take the flags by running: For more information, see;neutral
t1633;neutral;I want a text file containing links to the Wikipedia articles listed , one link per line. I could do it manually but that would be very painful. How can I automate this task?;negative
t1692;neutral;I have updated to Genymotion 2.0 and downloaded/deployed the new 4.3 images (Galaxy Nexus and 10.1 Tablet) upon installing the appropriate GApps package get a devastating error upon launching a development app with the following stack trace making the device restart.;negative
t1745;neutral;not to worry, it was a permissions issue with the file!;positive
t1757;neutral;I am really terrible at RegEx, In the code below I only want the actual numbers between and How can I achieve this?;negative
t1818;neutral;i would reccomend you rewrite the bad code. Even if its really painful.;negative
t1939;positive;mechanize ended up giving me the most functionality...thx;neutral
t1949;neutral;On it's own, perhaps, but for my intended purpose, no, it is not inefficient.;negative
t2047;negative;Is this visual studio specific or all c++ projects behave this way? Why??;neutral
t2052;neutral;Too complex, breaks the third rule of the zen of python.;negative
t2095;neutral;Don't mess with Ext.Loader unless you feel extremely masochistic. The Land of Big Pain lies down that road.;negative
t2180;negative;I had the same problem and ended up doing the same workaround. When I was done I didn't really hate it though, because it allowed me to free-up the UIPageViewController and all of it's child UIPageViewControllers and all of their resources when the user wasn't actively using the tab.;positive
t2193;positive;There's no such thing. Any such log would have to be programmed into the database, so no worries, you don't have to disable it since it doesn't exist by default!;neutral
t2269;neutral;"I don't think you want this - if I'm typing a document into Word and I hit K, I'm going to be very angry when your application pops up instead of a ""k"" appearing in my document. Windows allows you to assign shortcut keys to an icon on the desktop, but it limits them to the function keys or to combinations containing both Alt and Ctrl. Right-click on a desktop icon and go to Properties, and look for the field marked ""Shortcut key"".";negative
t2277;negative;This isn't really pythonic so much as tortured, but here's a short version (with meaningless 1-character variable names, no less!);neutral
t2285;neutral;I figured out the problem. I was writing out the NULL terminator and that's what was causing libxml2 to choke (although I could have sworn I already tried it without the NULL terminator, d'oh!) The fixed code should simply be:;negative
t2403;negative;I agree, I would use two functions. Basically, you have two different use cases, so it makes sense to have two different implementations. I find that the more C++ code I write, the fewer parameter defaults I have - I wouldn't really shed any tears if the feature was deprecated, though I would have to re-write a shed load of old code!;neutral
t2418;negative;I have a that has three views per cell, with three cell displaying on the view at one time (for a total of nine views). Think of it as a bookshelf. Sometimes I can have as many as 500 books. I've added shadow to the with code that is this: When I add the shadow code, as seen above, scrolling performance is just totally killed and becomes choppy. Each image has a different so the shadow has to be created for each item as it scrolls. Anyone have any tips on how to add shadows to my images on a without having this issue?;neutral
t2445;neutral;It winds me up when `~(logical page N    physical page N)`.;negative
t2506;neutral;...Sometimes this piece of code [..] returns the same number (and sometimes it works fine)... So it works randomly??? :) :) :) Ok, ok, downvote me now!!;positive
t2570;positive;Hopefully this will provide some ideas as to how to adapt a timer based approach for your needs: If your needs are more sophisticated then a TThread based approach may be more appropriate. But whatever you do, do NOT resort to Application.ProcessMessages it will only cause you grief !;neutral
t2598;neutral;Strangely enough, by slightly changing the 'canonical' rules and starting from a random configuration, Conway's Game of Life (I don't know why my Wikipedia link is not working!) seems to generate pretty nice mazes! (I don't remember the exact rule, but it's a very simple modification that tends to 'densify' the population of cells...);positive
t2613;neutral;"I've heard that unit testing is ""totally awesome"", ""really cool"" and ""all manner of good things"" but 70% or more of my files involve database access (some read and some write) and I'm not sure how to write a unit test for these files. I'm using PHP and Python but I think it's a question that applies to most/all languages that use database access.";negative
t2728;positive;Tom - I did the Java thing from 1996 until 2002. My official reason for leaving Actuate? Microsoft understood the need for basic things like enumerated types (since added to Java but it took way too long) and excellent Windows UI support and Actuate had no interest in building .NET products.;neutral
t2749;neutral;"If you worry about the cost of Throwable.fillInStackTrace(), then I dare say you're doing it wrong :) (assuming that your definition of ""cost"" is bound to CPU cycles.)";negative
t2791;neutral;Events firing are delegate invocations, which are a But dealing with interfaces for subscriber/publisher/observer/observable scenario is more painful that using events.;negative
t2885;neutral;For the record, this code is not thread safe without additional locking (which is absolutely fine, thread safety was never part of the design specs for this class).;positive
t2980;neutral;"Assuming I have only the class name of a generic as a string in the form of ""MyCustomGenericCollection(of MyCustomObjectClass)"" and don't know the assembly it comes from, what is the easiest way to create an instance of that object? If it helps, I know that the class implements IMyCustomInterface and is from an assembly loaded into the current AppDomain. Markus Olsson gave an excellent example , but I don't see how to apply it to generics.";positive
t2988;neutral;What tools are free tools are available for testing WebServices that are behind NTLM2 authentication. SoapUI Is Excellent tool with all functionality that I need, however, it doesn't support NTLMv2. If someone has a way of making that work, please provide solution.;positive
t2992;neutral;I don't think that's fair, I never got too deep into WPF but what I did, didn't seem to suffer from these issues (in a lot of ways WPF was a more mature UI technology than HTML). The new javascript-based UIs I think work on a node-style event loop so I don't think the ui thread is even an issue. For all its many many faults, Microsoft does deserve some credit for how its dev tools have evolved.;positive
t3053;neutral;Here, I see `BAADF00D` (bad food), `BEEFCACE` (beef cake), `BAADCAB1E` (bad cable), `BADCAFE` (bad cafe), and `DEADDEAD` (dead dead). Is this intentional?;negative
t3069;negative;"I have two loops running in my code, I want to use an element from an array as the key in a second array, but am unsure how to do this with Smarty. """" contains an integer (pulled from the db) I want to use that value as the key in a second loop, which runs fine if I harcode in the integer: Pseudo code for the sort of thing I've been trying is: But of course, this doesn't work! Can anybody help?";neutral
t3078;neutral;+1 for actually *answering* the question.;positive
t3102;positive;This whole DB is almost entirely read only so I'm not too worried about it changing.;negative
t3109;positive;Perhaps pipe the users through Google's Web Transcoder - http://google.com/gwt/n then you don't have to worry about the WML conversion, as google will translate your page into WML.;neutral
t3122;negative;I understand its not a desirable circumstance, however if I NEEDED to have some kind of HTML within JSON tags, e.g.: is this possible to do in Python without requiring to to be escaped beforehand? It will be a string initially so I was thinking about writing a regular expression to attempt to match and escape these prior to processing, but I just want to make sure there isn't an easier way.;neutral
t3177;positive;Agile Development can't be sold using documentations. Instead, ask your management to let you be Agile on a small pilot projet. For this pilot project, you must: - find a motivated end user to help you. - be free not to use the standard developping processes of your company. Then, succeed !!!;neutral
t3181;negative;By the way, as a side note, you should be using `using(Stream s = ...)` statement instead of manually writing a try {} finally {} block which might be error prone and also a pain to write.;neutral
t3189;negative;"This isn't worthy of an ""answer"", but I thought I'd mention: many of the interfaces I've really enjoyed have been minimalistic -- there's almost nothing for me to see. Like QuickSilver for OS X.";neutral
t3199;negative;I see that over on this question there is a request to say how to do something using LINQ to see if a property matches in a collection. However, is this the fastest reasonable process by which to do this? I will be deploying something that requires a certain amount of resource management, and I want the application to be as responsive as can be, without making the code terribly hard to decipher when someone else, or myself come back to it later.;neutral
t3208;neutral;"I have the following javascript: for some reason, in IE only, it chokes on ""css.appendChild(css_data);"" Giving the error: ""Unexpected call to method or property access"" What's going on?";negative
t3220;positive;I think the question is valid. I agree with the other responses, but it doesn't mean it's a terrible question. I've only ever had to use a Safari CSS hack once as a temporary solution and later got rid of it. I agree that you shouldn't have to target just Safari, but no harm in knowing how to do it. FYI, this hack only targets Safari 3, and also targets Opera 9.;neutral
t3254;positive;But they fixed it, and you don't have to worry about it as long as you set the correct doctype, to make IE not be in quirks mode.;neutral
t3278;positive;The named scopes already proposed are pretty fine. The clasic way to do it would be:;neutral
t3299;negative;Perhaps I am missing something, but I am just learning javascript. My understanding of Single Origin Policy is that Google Analytics should not be able to send data back to Google. How is it able to transmit send data to Google without violating the policy?;neutral
t3314;positive;You can easily define a comparator for a one-level , so that lookup becomes way less cumbersome. There is no reason of being afraid of that. The comparator defines an ordering of the _Key template argument of the map. It can then also be used for the multimap and set collections. An example:;neutral
t3321;negative;"""malicious users"" don't just exist ""out there"" on the internet - most of them have jobs in corporations and you are probably working with a couple of them right now - there is a reason that all user accounts and physical access are the first things you cut off when you fire someone";neutral
t3361;negative;I'm trying to delete several working copy directories, but I get an Access Denied on all the SVN files, running as admin or normal user. I've killed the Tortoise cache process, and cannot figure what is wrong. Any suggestions?;neutral
t3389;negative;Since I am completely useless at regex and this has been bugging me for the past half an hour, I think I'll post this up here as it's probably quite simple. In PHP I need to extract what's between the tags example:;neutral
t3417;positive;+1 for not being afraid to ask;neutral
t3445;negative;"such a strong argument without any ""reference"", is completely useless because just opinionated.";neutral
t3453;negative;I found a number of people asking the same question starting around 2005, but here is the first google result - also discusses silverlight. As far as I can tell, however, the only thing you would need to worry about would be setting up the mime types and providing access to the files.;neutral
t3462;negative;So for my text parsing in C# , I got directed at YAML. I'm hitting a wall with this library I was recommended, so this is a quickie. And so on. Is that valid?;neutral
t3500;neutral;While this could work when I'm developing and debugging the solution, I'm afraid it wouldn't work once the solution is deployed and a user needs to change the settings.;negative
t3520;negative;"-1 This is due to omitting ""var"" before ""a"" making it global and is unrelated to the question.";neutral
t3544;neutral;I hope none of my bugs end up in wikipedia!;positive
t3548;neutral;I too am using ideas from Rob's pattern and for now am updating like Pure.Krome. But i think concurrency is too vital to ignore and should be a habit of any enterprise application developer. I'm ignoring it for now, but it will go in my later iterations. I would really love to see how your approach turns out David.;positive
t3551;negative;In vc++6.0 MFC Application Project , I will not get the compile Error , but when i run the project i will get the error Debug Assertion Failed! program:project.exe File:winocc.cpp Line:345 For information on how your program can cause an assertion failure, see the Visual C++ documentation on asserts. (Press Retry to debug the application) what Error it is and why this type of error occurs, how to debug this error, plz help any body,;neutral
t3559;neutral;I want to be able to grab content from web pages, especially the tags and the content within them. I have tried XQuery and XPath but they don't seem to work for malformed XHTML and REGEX is just a pain. Is there a better solution. Ideally I would like to be able to ask for all the links and get back an array of URLs, or ask for the text of the links and get back an array of Strings with the text of the links, or ask for all the bold text etc.;negative
t3592;neutral;"You hate the price. Fair enough. ;)";positive
t3604;neutral;When I deploy my application on JBoss 5 the EJBs are created before the QueueService is started. Creation of Message Driven beans now fails miserably because the queues are not yet available: How can the deploy sequence be configured?;negative
t3610;positive;How can I check if I have listed all the dependencies correctly? The is an excellent tool for checking both build dependencies and dependencies by setting up a clean base system within a chroot environment. By compiling the package within pbuilder, you can easily check the build dependencies, and by testing it within a pbuilder environment, you can check the dependencies.;neutral
t3620;neutral;Galileo came out the other day, and even though plugins under Eclipse are, IMO, just a little bit easier to deal with than , it would still be really awesome if there was a simple way for me to upgrade to the new version (and take my plugins with me). Any tips?;positive
t3632;neutral;I've used a few times in the past, and clients really liked it. It's not AJAX, as it loads all the full sized images on page load, but if you were motivated I'm sure you could make that change pretty easily.;positive
t3676;neutral;You really should look at an NIO framework like or . I've used MINA with great success in an enterprise chat server. It is also used in the chat server. Grizzly is used in Sun's JavaEE implementation.;positive
t3711;neutral;I'd really like to know if anyone knows of a way to do this, also! I need to connect to it frequently from the server and a browser will never be an option - the server has no GUI and it should be run from cron.;positive
t3734;neutral;"This is recognized around our office as the ""Ah, crap! I forgot about that."" burndown:";negative
t3740;neutral;I'm new to Flash but want to create a nice video for a product. It takes a long time to make a nice looking presentation , and I'm hoping for a jump start. Are there any good templates which are free on the internet where I can quickly change the text in ,for example, to make my video? I've tried looking in google, and there are too many websites, many of which look gimmicky. Any recommendations? (A video like this one - - would be amazing!);positive
t3745;negative;"I'm cleaning up the CSS on a fairly large (and somewhat disorganized) website. Is there a simple way (or a piece of software) that will let me find, for example, all the ""a"" tags that are within ""h3"" tags? Or all the ""spans"" that are within ""p"" tags? I want to modify some of these CSS rules but I'm afraid I'll break something hidden somewhere. Any advice?";neutral
t3753;neutral;"@MrChrister : The actualOrderNumber is relied on by multiple legacy app. Changing it would be extremely problematic. The end-user-visible order number is also used in several apps; adding a new field is do-able but hard. An obscuring ""format"" outside the persistence layer is TSTTCPW (I think).";negative
t3800;neutral;This question is still incredibly vague about what you are looking for. I guess your acceptance of an answer, however, lets us reverse engineer the problem.;negative
t3829;negative;Why the down-votes and sniping? It's not a particularly well-asked question but it's certainly valid and by definition programming related. (it's pretty hard to do anything with Django without programming as it's a web programming framework!);neutral
t3841;negative;I want to change an image of an UIImageView from the applicationDidFinishLaunching method of the app delegate class. But I am afraid that this class doesnt know much about the controller outlet. What must I do in this case?;neutral
t3909;neutral;Could you add some details about the error you get? Nothing is jumping out at me as horribly wrong.;negative
t4021;negative;"Obligatory I Am Not A Lawyer. Are you violating the legal clauses of the GPL? Probably not. ATI and nVidia do this sort of thing with their graphics drivers for Linux. However, it's important to note that Linux is GPLv2; this may have changed with GPLv3. Are you violating the spirit of the GPL? Yes, and judging from the way your question was written, you already knew this.";neutral
t4091;neutral;files starting with a dot can be a pain to windows based tools...;negative
t4130;neutral;Consider this HTML: On all browsers but Firefox/Mac, it renders correctly, i.e bold and non-bold text are on the same baseline. On Firefox/Mac, there is a 1px baseline difference between the bold and non-bold texts. See below for screenshot. Left is Safari 3.2.3, right is Firefox 3.0.10. Is there any way to fix this e.g with some CSS, other than to go quietly cry in the corner and use Arial (which I'd not want to do     I'd stay with Helvetica Neue if I could).;negative
t4136;neutral;You also might want to check out Uche Ogbuji's excellent XML Data Binding Library, Amara: (Documentation here: ) The cool thing about Amara is that it turns an XML document in to a Python object, so you can just do stuff like: (which creates a Record element that contains Name and Value elements (which in turn contain the values of the name and value variables)).;positive
t4152;neutral;My experience - If you know the requirements of a project well and if they can be easily achieved with standard ssis components with a minimum of scripting, then SSIS might be the way to go. Otherwise, its a pain.;negative
t4200;negative;That's just a 16 character requirement with an optional 2 character afterwards: The parentheses may not be required - I'm not enough of a regex guru to know offhand, I'm afraid. If anyone wants to edit it, do feel free...;neutral
t4205;positive;"I agree, your exemple is terrible ;)";negative
t4220;neutral;"is excellent for scripts; is standard for classes. As Ben says, think of it as ""Object"" -- but it is much cooler in that it does not constrain you to the Object methods. This has neat implications with respect to imports. e.g. In this snippet I have to import FileChannel e.g. But here I can just 'wing it' as long as everything is on the classpath";positive
t4222;negative;How awesome would it be if the Delphi IDE would put code in 2 formats on the clipboard, so that code that is copied and pasted in e-mails or word-documents has proper highlighting instead of plain text?!;positive
t4234;negative;I'll second the NI Measurement Studio. I've plotted 1000 points/sec with NI Measurement Studio's chart control. Also, this test was done on a laptop with a very lousy video card. AFAIK, Measurement Studio is using OpenGL internally.;positive
t4241;negative;"Basically, the doctype determines how crazy IE is going to be. If you don't set it to XHTML, or ""strict"" you'll be living in a world of hurt when it comes to IE (even if you set it, you'll still be hating on IE, but it does make it a lot better).";neutral
t4243;neutral;@Pax, from my personal experience, somehow I always get faster and more reliable results when I'm using tables. But every time I did that, I feel guilty.;negative
t4254;positive;"I agree. 1 ""interface"" to worry about and flexible to add others if necessary.";neutral
t4267;negative;This reply is incomplete: we currently have an app that is leaking permgen memory and the number of loaded classes is absolutely constant. Both facts can be seen by using JConsole. We suffer from the same problem as the original poster in that we have no way to analyze the permgen in detail.;neutral
t4356;neutral;No worries, just a tip for future reference.;positive
t4363;negative;There are an awful lot of C/C++ libraries out there, most no longer updated. There's not much for C#, but I have seen a couple. I haven't really used any of them in anger, so I can't give any recommendations. I would start with and see if you find anything of use there. Alternatively, a search for on sourceforge.net has plenty of results.;neutral
t4368;neutral;One of the first cool demos in the 1.0 era was page turn photo book. The idea caught a bit of traction and Jeff Prosise wrote up a framework for it What I'm looking for is an update to 3.0 (or at least 2.0) While I appreciate Prosise effort, I'm not that thrilled about all the Javascript required to drive the application. Any pointers? This is primarily for a learning exercise, so canned controls are of limited interest.;negative

